			         MODULE 02 - QUIZ

1. A database management system (DBMS) is important to modern organizations because:

a)It provides infrastructure for daily operations
b)It facilitates decision making process
c)It helps organizations to manage their data
d)All options

Ans ) d)All options

2. Facts that are formatted,interpreted or combined can be called :

a) Data
b) Information
c) Facts
d) Organization

Ans) a) Data

3. Which statement is TRUE about database :

a) Entities in database cannot have relationships
b) A database stores program's , varibles and codes
c) Only few users can use the database 
d) Database is a generic name for collecting and storing data

Ans) d) Database is a generic name for collecting and storing data

4. Responsibilities of data administrator includes :

a) Standard setting
b) Planning database
c) Manage non-computerized database
d) All options

Ans) d) All options 

5. Types of DBMS includes:

a) Enterprise DBMS
b) Desktop DBMS
c) Embedded DBMS
d) All options

Ans) d) All options

6. Identify advantages of combining a procedural language with a non-procedural language :

a) Provides improved performance in some situations
b) Allows batch processing
c) Allows form and report customizations
d) All options

Ans) d) All options

7. Transaction processing ability in an enterprise DBMS is typically better than the transaction
processing ability in a DBMS desktop. 

a) True
b) False

Ans) a) True

8. Integrating external data with summarized internal data will most likely benefit which of
the management levels:

a) Top management
b) Middle management
c) Lower management
d) Database management

Ans) b) Middle management

9. The dominant process in data warehouse is summarized data retrieval

a) True
b) False

Ans) a) True

10. Persistent is a property for databases. What does it mean ?

a) The data should be stored on persistent hardware
b) The data cannot be deleted
c) The data can be stored only on temporary memory
d) The data from different units can be connected together

Ans) a) The data should be stored on persistent hardware